hello my name is eva montelongo technique
international master of the brand to my a
next, we will see our
yeah removal system looks
using our remover and our
pool raps is very simple to do what
We will use the following wild products
raps
hand sanitizer gel remover and
acrylic our vaccine to absorb the
filing powder files zebras 150 150 and
our lima sponge 100 180
brush removes dust and the clean be and
our mails whites we apply hand
sanitation
let's file the entire surface of
our nails to remove this layer
waterproofing that makes our luxury
about our looks if we do not do it
will be able to absorb our remover
Y
ah
this amount is enough to remove
our hair
let the cotton go directly to the
nail does not alter and we wrap
we turn we press and go back to
turn upwards by pressing
side so that no leak
this product
we make the 52
After 5 minutes we are going to
check
to remove as much as possible of
product
with our pot we push towards
down
remember that below we have our layer
protective of luxury that is not going to
allow to damage our nails after
push let's file with 150 150
Our raps are reusable in case
if necessary, we put it back
our remover and wrap
remember that we have our luxury
underneath it must be removed if we leave 5
minutes
later than
after five minutes
additional we arrived again
withdrawing our wrap
In case of residuals we can
remove it with our pitchers 2 with a
orange stick
let's cheer with our sponge for the
side 100 100 subsequently with the side
if we are going to apply again our
systems or with ice until this step
it's fine and from here we're going to place
our neil pre and extra preparers
mont if we're going to apply it if not
what we are going to do is file for the
180 side remove excess dust
after having smoked with our lime
sponge we are going to clean with gall cleanser
Now we're going to give it a shine by sealing
cuticle using our ultra lime
chain first by step number 1
ah
two
hydrated practices
and that's how easy and simple we can
remove our ssocof de luxe system
with our forwards